

I feel off. I have trouble making friends. I thought I didn't, but after leaving my previous job, all of the friends I thought I had just vanished. Efforts to reach out were met with a small number of short responses, and then nothing, or even no response at all. I thought I was a good friend. I thought I was fun to hang out with. I thought these people had fun spending time with me. Maybe it's because I was so miserable towards the end of my previous job, and all they see me as is the miserable guy who hates his life. But I've escaped that misery. I'm happy now, mostly, and now I want to spend time with my friends, but my close friends are all 8 hours south.
I met a girl last night, named Grace. Well, I didn't so much meet her as much as she cut my hair and we chatted. But we really hit it off. She was incredibly fun to talk to and I felt like we had a real connection. She took her time cutting my hair and we chatted for almost an hour and it was a blast. She flirted with me a bit and her words of affirmation and compliments made me incredibly happy. At the end she even suggested that my wife and I go hang out with her and her boyfriend. I haven't felt that good in a long time. I can't stop thinking about how it made me feel.
But I don't know, was she just being nice so I would give her a good tip? Was adding her on facebook later that night "creepy"? What happens now?
I want to go get coffee with a friend on a week day after work. I want to throw fancy dinner parties. I want to feel less ALONE here in Grants Pass. All I have here is my wife, my dog, and my cat. All the friends I thought I had at my previous job haven't tried to contact me on their own volition at all. I feel like I did something wrong, or maybe some rumor was spread about me. It feels weird. I thought I had friends. I feel like most of them probably just thought I was weird anyways.
My new job has done wonders for my mental health, but no one here is really my age or is someone who I'd want to hang out with. I go to work, talk to hardly anyone, go to the gym, talk to no one, and then go home. I just keep thinking about how much I want to go hang out with Grace again. How I want to hang out in a coffee shop and just chat with her for a couple of hours, or go to dinner with some friends on a Friday night. Something other than going home and doing nothing and then going to bed. 
I wish I knew why all my friends at my last job stopped talking to me.